Expose private_endpoint_dns in region list (#281)
cockroachdb/terraform-provider-cockroach: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [1.12.2] - 2025-05-22

### Added

> - Added `private_endpoint_dns` as read only region in `cockroach_cluster` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `private_endpoint_dns` as a read only attribute in `cockroach_cluster` resource.
```
